docs: update useUser docs (#362)
vuestorefront/bigcommerce: docs/composables/use-user.md

## Features

The `useUser` composable is used to:

- manage user authentication
- manage authentication data like email address, login, or password.

## API

- `user: User` - the main data object. See [User](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.user.md) interface for more information.

> - `updateUser` - a function for updating user data. When invoked, it submits data to the API and populates `user` property with updated information. This method accepts a single object parameter. See [UseUserUpdateParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.useuserupdateparams.md) interface for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `updateUser` - a function for updating the current user. When called, it sends new user information to the API and populates the `user` property with the returned data. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseUserUpdateParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.useuserupdateparams.md) interface for more information.
```

> - `register: UseUserRegisterParams` - a function for creating a new user. When invoked, it submits new user data to the API and saves them. This method accepts a single object parameter. See [UseUserRegisterParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.useuserregisterparams.md) interface for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `register: UseUserRegisterParams` - a function for creating a new user. When called, it sends data about the new user to the API and populates the `user` property with the returned data. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseUserRegisterParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.useuserregisterparams.md) interface for more information.
```

> - `login: UseUserLoginParams` - function for log in a user based on a username and password. This method accepts a single object parameter. See [UseUserLoginParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.useuserloginparams.md) interface for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `login: UseUserLoginParams` - a function for logging in a user based on a username and password. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseUserLoginParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.useuserloginparams.md) interface for more information.
```

- `logout` - a function for logging out the user.

> - `changePassword` - a function for changing user password. This method accepts a single object parameter with following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `changePassword` - a function for changing user password. This method accepts a single object parameter with the following properties:
```

  - `currentPassword: string`

  - `newPassword: string`

> - `load` - the main querying function used to query the user information from the BigCommerce platform and populate the `user` object with the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `load` - the main querying function used to query the user information from the API and populate the `user` object with the result.
```

- `loading: boolean` - a reactive object containing information about loading state of `user`.

- `isAuthenticated: boolean` - checks if the user is authenticated or not.

> - `error: UseUserErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if any of the methods failed for any reason. See the [UseProductErrors](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/v2/reference/api/core.useusererrors.html) interface for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error: UseUserErrors` -a  reactive object containing the error message if any of the methods failed for any reason. See the [UseProductErrors](https://docs.vuestorefront.io/v2/reference/api/core.useusererrors.html) interface for more information.
```
